Thomas Percy and James were looking at
the early morning sky everyone so much
happier when springtime comes said
Thomas
everyone except Sir Topham Hatt grumbled
James he seems to be working us harder
than ever I'm tired of these coastal
runs he just wants everything to be
ready for the holidays replied Percy
anyway salty air makes me all cheerful
in my smokebox PAH snorted James
it's the countryside that really gets me
fired up it's the only place to be and
he puffed away to collect his freight
cars from the docks Thomas and Percy had
to take some empty freight cars to the
scrapyards
in a sighting they saw an old coach she
looked very sad what are you doing here
they called me old slowcoach and told me
I wasn't useful anymore now only the
mice riding me well you may be dusty but
you look in perfect shape
the yard manager appeared come along
by a freight cars for you to take away
excuse me said Percy's driver can you
tell us about this coach old slowcoach
she's been here for years she'll be
broken up when we find the time the
engines were dismayed we'll try and help
you said Thomas but he didn't know how
meanwhile James was enjoying himself
this is the life he chortled but he was
heading for trouble one of the fuel cars
was leaking then suddenly it caught fire
oh how cried James they've reached the
siding and his driver gave the alarm its
fill and it's dangerous as Thomas and
Percy approached the junction they saw
the smoke and a guard waving a red flag
sparks from james's funnel have set the
cause of blaze he called the fire is
under control but it's quite a mess you
said the countryside got you all fired
up James said Percy but I didn't think
you meant it in this way ha snorted
James
it was the stupid cars fault not mine
it's safe to proceed now call the
fireman Thomas and Percy now felt sorry
for James it wasn't long before they
reached the station
later as they were having a long drink
at the water towers they suddenly heard
a commotion
what's the matter Thomas asked that's
another fire at the Workmen's Hut
replied Thomas's driver you'd better see
what we can do
the fire engines had a big problem we
are completely out of water cried a
fireman we can't use seawater because it
clogs our works you'll just have to let
that building burn then Thomas had an
idea why don't you use the water in our
tanks we've just refilled them the
firemen wasted no time you're a very
clever engines chuckle their drivers
soon the fire was out
but the hut where the workmen lived was
destroyed the men can't sleep on the
beach said the foreman what about old
slowcoach she would be perfect for the
workmen said Percy comfy to edit Thomas
what a good idea Percy said his driver
they phoned Sir Topham Hatt who agreed
she'll be spic-and-span by the time you
collect her and she was and very happy
too I can't thank you enough
I feel splendid the engines buffered up
to her and she set off happily for her
new home
everyone agreed there was nothing old or
slow about coach and she will always be
really useful indeed